Requirements for scholarship applications for fulltime studies at Bachelor’s,
 Master’s and Doctoral degree levels in public Higher educational institutions in
             the Republic of Bulgaria for the 2026/2027 academic year.



The deadline for submission of original application and required documents on paper at
the Embassy of Bulgaria is September 1st, 2026 – the postal address of the Embassy of
Bulgaria is: 102-8 Hannam-daero, Yongsan-gu, Seoul 04418.

Enquiries, related to the submission of the applications by the deadline indicated above
can be emailed to Embassy.Seoul@mfa.bg.

All candidates are required to select and indicate clearly in their applications forms
(attached) the preferred Higher educational institution/s and major/s. It is preferable to
consider applying to more than one university. Information on the Bulgarian Higher
educational institutions and their ranking is available at https://rvu.nacid.bg/home and
https://rsvu.mon.bg/rsvu4/#/.



   List of required documents:

1. A completed application form or a letter of application containing a brief CV and
specifying the Higher educational institutions and the majors applied for (attached form).

2. A High school diploma - a copy of the document for completed secondary education
including a supplement specifying the period of attendance and the grades in different
subjects (applicable to Korean citizens applying for full time undergraduate study
programs).

3. A Certificate, issued by a competent body certifying the applicant’s eligibility to
continue their studies in Higher educational institutions in the country in which they have
completed their secondary education.

4. A University diploma - a copy of the diploma for completed higher education -
bachelor’s or master's degree (applicable to Korean citizens applying for post-graduate
studies / higher educational degree).
5. Transcript of Records – an up-to-date record of the students’ progress in their studies:
the educational component that they have studied (applicable to Korean citizens applying
for part-time study).

6. A language proficiency certificate issued by a Higher educational institution in Bulgaria
(applicable to Korean citizens who are not going to study Bulgarian or have a specialized
language training).

7. A medical certificate, issued within a month before the application is submitted. The
certificate has to be validated (legalized) by the respective authorities of the applicant’s
country of origin.

8. Valid passport copy.

9. Two passport size photos.

The documents under points 2, 3, 4, 5 and 7 must be officially translated into Bulgarian
language and legalized, according to the standard procedure for legalization of official
papers (Apostille).

Following the application deadline, all applications will be provided to the respective
Bulgarian Higher educational institutions for consideration – the decisions of the
abovementioned institutions are final and are not to be subjected to appeals.

The approved candidates will be exempt from tuition fees and provided with free of
charge specialized language training before the beginning of their professional education
(if required), as well as accommodation and scholarships in accordance with the relevant
provisions of the Arrangement on cooperation in the fields of education and culture
between the Government of the Republic of Bulgaria and the Government of the Republic
of Korea, signed on March 30th, 2022.

END
